samples: nrf9160: modem_shell: Add remote control via nRF cloud (#7380)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/modem_shell/README.rst

     location get --method cellular
     cloud disconnect

----

Remote control using nRF Cloud
==============================

Once you have established an MQTT connection to nRF Cloud using the ``cloud`` command, you can use the :guilabel:`Terminal` window in the nRF Cloud portal to execute MoSh commands to the device.
This feature enables full remote control of the MoSh application running on a device that is connected to cloud.

> MoSh output, such as reponses to commands and other notifications can be echoed to the ``messages`` endpoint and the :guilabel:`Terminal` window of the nRF Cloud portal.

Reviewer: typo -> responses

Reviewer 2: So embarrassing I missed it.

Author: Fixed.

Use the ``print cloud`` command to enable this behavior.
The data format of the input data in the :guilabel:`Terminal` window must be JSON.

Examples
--------

* Establish the connection to nRF Cloud:

  .. code-block:: console

     cloud connect

* To request the device location, enter the following command in the :guilabel:`Terminal` window of the nRF Cloud portal:

   .. code-block:: console

>      {"appId":"MODEM_SHELL", "data":"location get --method cellular"}

Reviewer 3: it is certainly fine to define this format, but you do not need to since this is only for the MoSH sample.
you could simplify it with something like: `{"mosh_cmd":"location get --method cellular"}`

Author: Ok, thanks for pointing out. I was not actually sure if I can come up with new attributes. But I think I'll keep as it is because I don't think one way is clearly better than the other.

   west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -d build -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-cloud_mqtt.conf

Remote control via nRF Cloud
============================

> Remote control feature requires cloud connectivity to be compiled in. See ``cloud´´.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable the remote control feature, you need to build the sample with cloud connectivity, see :ref:`cloud_build´.
```
Add that label (.. _cloud_build:) to the section you are targeting.
